Remove delta manager export (#7634)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

## 0.49 Breaking changes
- [Deprecated dirty document events and property removed from ContainerRuntime](#deprecated-dirty-document-events-and-property-removed-from-containerruntime)

> - [DeltaManager removed from fluid-framework export](#deltamanager-removed-from-fluid-framework-export)

Reviewer: I suggest using the full package name (`@fluidframework/container-loader`) here rather than `fluid-framework`, since we publish a package with that name but it is unaffected by this change.

### Deprecated dirty document events and property removed from ContainerRuntime
The `isDocumentDirty()` method, `"dirtyDocument"` and `"savedDocument"` events that were deprecated in 0.35 have now been removed.  For more information on replacements, see [DirtyDocument events and property](#DirtyDocument-events-and-property).

### DeltaManager removed from fluid-framework export

> The `DeltaManager` class has been removed from the `@fluid-framework/container-loader` package exports. The `IDeltaManager` should be used where appropriate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DeltaManager` class has been removed from the `@fluidframework/container-loader` package exports. The `IDeltaManager` should be used where appropriate. 
```

> The `DeltaManager` class has been removed from the `@fluid-framework/container-loader` package exports. `DeltaManager` is to be only used within the `@fluid-framework/container-loader` package.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps remove the `DeltaManager is to be only used..` as this document is targeted primarily at the framework consumers. I would add a note saying something like the IDeltaManager interface should be used as appropriate.
